1-Introduction
	The webApp is a Valencia city catalogue, it has a cover which through it you can go inside the 
	categories which have many pictures that you can get a description just clicking in them.
	The available categories are: 
		-"City", in which you can find some different Valencia places.
		-"Nature", in which you can find mountains, lakes, coasts and a cave.
		-"Leisure", where you can find places to enjoy time in Valencia.
		-"Sports", here you can find some sport facilities.
	When you click on any picture, it takes you to another page in which you can see that picture with 
	a short description.
	There is also an error code handler that allows you to go back to any of the categories.
	
2-Architecture
	There are three elements in the main folder. The Python archive called 'index.py', also there are two 
	folders, first the 'templates' folder in which are all the templates are used in the web app, and the 
	second is the 'static' folder in which are other more four folders called 'css', 'fonts', 'img' and 
	'js'. Inside of these folders are the css archives, fonts archives, pictures and javaScript archives 
	respectively.
	
3-Enhancements
	I would like to implement a search bar to look for the picture you want.
	I would like to improve the code error handler, just doing that when you are redirected, on the URL
	appears the right route.
	
4-Critical evaluation
	I think it could be better with an adaptable css, I mean, I'd like that it would be auto resizable.
	Maybe I should put more categories or more features through which the pictures could be differentiate.
	I didn't know how to fit a logging into a catalogue but I think to implement that would be nice.
	
5-Personal evaluation
	All I know about python I have learnt with this module. I found a lot of problems during I was doing the
	web app, for example how to send more than one list to a template. All the challenges I faced was solved 
	looking for it on internet, specially on stackoverflow.

6-Resources
	-workbook
	-http://stackoverflow.com/
	-https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/controlflow.html
	-https://docs.python.org/2/library/functions.html#zip
	-http://thepythonguru.com/python-strings/